README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/Ratsch0k/group-car.svg?token=VoTpURfdRAcYtA5D82Re&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/Ratsch0k/group-car)
# Group Car
## Website for managing usage and parking location of cars used in groups in Families

--------

### Create Groups for better and easier usage of a shared car 
Know exactly where to find your car, even if it was used by others

Share you car's location with your family or group with a single press of a button

--------

Source Code of the frontend for website www.groupcars.de (*if domain available*)

Used Technologies:
  - Managment
    + GitHub
    + Travis CI
  - Frontend
    + (OAuth2.0)
    + React.js
    + Material Design
  - Backend
    + Node.js
    + Nginx
    + Postgresql
    
Author:
  - Ratsch0k

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

Added start:demo and build:demo to start/build app in demo mode

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/Ratsch0k/group-car.svg?token=VoTpURfdRAcYtA5D82Re&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/Ratsch0k/group-car)
# Group Car
## Website for managing usage and parking location of cars used in groups in Families

--------

### Create Groups for better and easier usage of a shared car 
Know exactly where to find your car, even if it was used by others

Share you car's location with your family or group with a single press of a button

--------

Source Code of the frontend for website groupcars.de (*if domain available*)

Used Technologies:
  - Managment
    + GitHub
    + GitHub workflow
  - Frontend
    + React.js
    + Material Design
  - Backend
    + Node.js
    + Nginx
    + Postgresql
    
Author:
  - Ratsch0k

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

To start the app in demo mode use `yarn start:demo`.
This will set the environment variable `REACT_APP_DEMO_MODE` to `true` and start the website.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

To build the website in forced demo mode use `yarn build:demo`.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
